Meeting Title: Precon sessions analysis and statistical corrections for December poster
Date: Oct 6
Meeting participants: Shahriar Tafti

Transcript:
Me: So my abstract is more like it. Anyway, it's great. But, um, that's great. So it looks great. Great. That's great. Uh, okay, so— oh wait, what? What? You, you wait. You did it. I did all the sessions. I did all the sessions. So we got Pcon 1, 2, 3, 4. It's in there. We got the Monolith. Check this out. You're gonna fucking love this. You're gonna love this. All right, check this out. So we got this one over here. Right. Wow, look at this. That's so cool. Okay, let's see what's the difference between the first. I was wondering, so I can see precon 1 and precon 4 and 1, what was it doing at precon 2 and 3? Well, this one doesn't have a precon 2 and 3 apparently. So this is still magnitude change, or is it, uh, no, it's like if it's every— if it's all sessions, it's like it's, it's some value. There we go. So that's the 4 sessions. So this is what the value was at precon 1, 2, 3, 4 for each. This is the white is the average line. Each dot is a different rat. Yeah. And for each rat, you can see what each stimulus was called. So you can see on average This guy from this one went up. And on this one. It went down. But overall, the trend is down. It goes down. It goes down. This one. Well, I guess we can close this out. Oh, look at this. What happened here? I'm going to block that. Oh, go, go, go, go, go, go, I forgot to compute like some of the tests. So like some of them have the precon 2 and 3 values computed, but not the— So now it's like you find the flower pots. And just random points in the flower pot, and we put that against that. Is it— is that static and this one changes? Oh, then we win. Oh my God. Make a note. And then the other thing, what Joe was talking about, Q2 minus Q1. So like here's the best situation of Q1, Q2 minus Q1. You could look at this as Q, this is Q1, sorry, this is precon 1. Of Q2 minus Q1. Right. You have precon 4 of Q2 minus Q1. You take the delta of these 2, you get this. You want to see what this was doing? No, no, I think we got it. I blinked and looked away. I was like, okay, so Q2 minus Q1 in that range, amplitude correlation 0. Like, this is one of the measures. Okay, so this is, uh, precon 1. The delta of Q1, the first, because it will be surprising. Oh, where the fuck this thing come from? Right, right. And that's, uh, the same thing in the fourth where it's like they've seen this a million times. Yes. That's different. And you go difference of these 2 things. Yes. And you get that. This goes up, this goes down. Look at that. And check this out, check this out. Wait, where's this? How does this go up and down throughout sessions? It goes, it goes like that. Does that— does this one make sense? Right, uh, right, because so yes, well, it, uh, yeah, well, it is what it is. Jump between the first and second and then leveled out. Uh, that the delta did. This, this one did. This, this, yes. And, uh, as a little, little, little, little, little something something over here. Uh, you can see the monolith progress. And you can see how the monolith changed over time. Did you show this to, to, uh, I don't think he would have gotten it. It was just a lot. He seemed a little overwhelmed. Like, yeah, I spent an hour with Sherriard. He looks shell-shocked. I was like, are you okay? I think he just feels bad he hasn't been around so much, but, but I'm like, I didn't, I didn't expect him to. Yeah, but, uh, uh, but I will want him to like get up to speed because we have to decide what the December poster will be for P10. It'll be like the new story. I mean, we can stick in some parts of the, uh, Nature Communications paper too. Oh no, no, no, I don't want to talk about double knockouts. Fuck it. Whereas, um, I swear there was like a cool, cool button somewhere. But anyways, you know, you got this. Can you drag that? Yeah, there we go. You can look at that connection, how it changed. And oh, it's significant. It's uncorrected. Well, right. Okay, that's the other thing too. Like, I think you need to have a séance with either Claude or with a— well, yeah, start, start with Travis. I don't I guess it's like, I don't know exactly. We know, we know what goes into it. We know what we're doing. Uh, do you want me to start a séance and narrow this shit down? In terms of the corrected or uncorrected? Because I can correct the entire monolith, correct it per test, correct it per RAT. There's different ways we can correct things. So I can test all the corrections. I'll start off with the monolith. I'll do like, you know, I was thinking, well, it's, uh, I can correct. Well, here's the correction is that there's, uh, It's repeated measures. So I mean, there's a mean and standard error per session. And there's so many presentations that may or may not be included, right? Sample size— there's a sample size for the RAT, there's a sample size for the number of stimuli from a film. And there's multiple days. So ultimately, I mean, there's, there's a mean and standard error. Based on what went into it. But there's enough— the effect, and this is ultimately what we're needing to get, it's like all— I mean, it's 4 and 1, yes, is one thing, but when you do a repeated, uh, like 4 sessions There would need to be some sort of— I mean, if you did use general linear model, it's not— that's not really baked into the cake. If you have a comparator, right? But, but if you Maybe using 1 or 4 as a comparison. These are all things to think about. So like the mean and standard error can be whatever it is, right? Like that what you did make to get a p-value for the magnitude of 1 and 4, yeah, that's fine, you know. Just 2, 2, it's repeated measures, but it's just 2, right? Yeah, there's— I don't know, I would be— I would consult a higher power, like an actual honest-to-goodness biostatistician, uh, but we'll see what Claude would recommend to me. Or just like a Google search for that, like, I don't know. Oh shit, there's one thing I left out. Um, do a physical test versus— I didn't remember we talked about the balanced cue versus physical cue to see if the physical cue had an effect. I need to run that still. So I was going to email Joe to come over tomorrow. So I'll do that tomorrow. I'll do the physical cue versus balanced cue, and then I'll have a séance and figure out what we can do about the thing. If you know about it. I met one yesterday actually who actually would be interested in this because he does associative learning algorithms and pop deals networks and stuff in his spare time. And I was like, oh wait, they really do separate here. Like, give me iterative differences between the 4th, 3rd, 2nd, and last training. 13th, 14th, 15th, and 16th channels. And they were like, oh, you're trying to p-hack, be careful with that. But then it was like, oh, but that is the trend, just to indicate that you go by the data like why you wanted to compare those, because they really are separating at that time, and that's genuine, right? And that kind of thing is fair. Like you analyze everything, right? And then narrow it down to like where the differences are. That's completely allowed. I mean, Shore did that with the sort of— Yeah, well, everyone does it. Yeah, everyone does it, right? So it's not like we can't like go hunting and then Well, because we hunted, we can't publish it. No, no, you find we're going in there with, with certain hypotheses that we should see changes somewhere in the brain, right? Uh, and granted, like in, in those tests running through all those variables, it might have And that's where the p-values and stuff get complicated. But then if we narrow in and focus on the specific questions, like, that should be totally legitimate. So no, it's not, it's not that we can't publish it because we're hunting, right? So now whether we have to be like write up all the things that were not significant? I don't know. Bad news, um, Q1 minus Q2, the test that Joe was talking about. Like, uh, this one. Oh, okay. I don't know why you said the word Q and I thought about the letter Q. Oh, that, that does happen. C-U-E. So that, that's the— yeah. So that's not— you said that's non-significant? Yeah. Okay. So yeah, when you have the delta of precon 1, the delta of precon 4, and you take their deltas And you get results with crazy p-value, when you do a random permutation, it ends up right in the middle. Like comparing it to all the regions away, but that's when we talked about comparing it to every— okay. So I mean, yeah, so like for example, this one, you know, this one has a— well, I don't— is that the— well, That, that could mean multiple things. It's not the cleanest. Test. Uh, yeah. So, yeah, where is it? Q. So that was something that, that, uh, uh, yeah. That, that Travis— this is all, you know, it's all gravy, right? And, and well, here's the thing too, that it turns out Don't be alarmed. Okay, that. Joe hasn't shown Travis the behavioral data. Oh. I thought it sounded like from all the conversation that there was some conversation. Anyway, so Joe's a little worried that with that design, uh, there's been more generalization. Than he would have liked, and he has a different design in mind. Thank. Well, we'll see what the behavioral data says and what this says, because if there is generalization, then that's like, especially more so between the high and the low tone. Right, right. If, and if they're not different. But I guess Q1, Q2 is also the click in the— it's every permutation. Yeah, okay. Every click noise, click high tone, click low tone, low tone high tone, low tone click. But it's basically distributed, right? It's like Yeah, either we're gonna get an answer out of all this, and then the other thing too is that we're still gonna go with the plan where this will be on like part of your shtick. We really should have a conversation about your call. What happened today? We can have it now. Well, just like, here it is. Like, so uh, you know, so it was funny. Not the other, but that should come out in this, right? In the difference. Oh. I mean, so like, again, to say like, you know, we have something here with a p-value of 2 to the power of minus 4. Yeah. Right. And this in itself uncorrected is super duper significant. I don't get the whole correction thing. What's that? I don't get corrections. I'm not stats. I don't quite get it either. I guess it's, yeah. I think the idea is like, if I like run a million tests just randomly based on how things work, I would have some cases, like for example, if I wanted to check if a coin is fair or not, right, I could flip it 50 times. I'm sorry, flip it 100 times, and generally I would get a 50-50 distribution. Yeah, yeah. And if I repeated that experiment a million times, I would get some coins that were like 90 heads. Yeah, right. And I can't just grab that 90 head one and be like, see, like there's evidence that, yep, this coin is unfair, right? Yep, I see. Yeah. And then in this case, We have like 250,000 tests run. Yep. And if something's significant, it could be that like example of the 90 coin. But then if I correct for like 100 tests that I did run, or like the million tests I did run, if the coin was truly biased, it would like I can grab that instance of it. And then correct it, which I don't think makes sense for us in this case. Yeah, but, um, wait, so do all effects period disappear with correction? Well, I haven't done any. Yes. Well, there's like different types of methods to correct and I don't really understand them that well, but not like of all the standard ones. So nothing, if corrected, is significant, right? Yeah. Which really, Is not a— again, I will say that's not a problem because like you would have to have like 20,000 rats. For the number of tests we run for any of these corrections to work. Yeah. You know what I mean? So this is not— because of the number of analyses, it's like the power isn't there. I see. So is this like, should we really be like using this to direct to specific analysis and running that specific analysis? But I guess is that still the same thing as like hacking of like— When I looked into it, it's frowned upon if you use this dataset to then test a specific thing on the same dataset. But if we use this dataset to then do like in the future, like in the next coming couple years, Some other grad student came in and ran some tests to test that specific hypothesis, then that would be valid. If you, if you, for example, if I go over here and I'm like, okay, in the flower pot, this was the best one and this was the strongest effect, the OFC and AAC. So where's it? Left OFC and left AAC. So it's this one right here. And I say this one had a really strong effect on 8 rats. And then I like somehow use this data here to then verify this one and get a very super significant dataset, that circular logic. But then if I use this and then design an experiment and then we had 10 rats and then just had that and saw if that was significant, then that is— I see. Really good. So there's another way we could do this where we like divide up our dataset and build a model lift on 4 of them, and then based on what that model says, test it on the other 4, I guess. Or something like that. There's— or do we go with like just analyses that we like proposed originally. If you do that, then, and we don't look at the monolith. Then that time, yeah. So if you had like a brain region that you were interested in for a specific frequency and you have a rationale for that and you then base it off the model lift, yeah, then that's— I think that would be valid. I hate statistics. Me too. It's just fucking bullshit. Um, good news. Um. In most cases, uh, the queues are balanced. So there's 2 examples where like there's slight differences between the queues, but most of them, the queues make no difference. Sick. Yeah. That's huge. Yeah. And then if you go to the lens— so now I'm trying to figure out like, how do we get a result I can write about? Um. So Yeah. I need stats guy. Give me higher stats. So Jeremy was thinking about getting Neil to come up with something. So, um, Yeah. Like this. The play button is not working. So like, can we use If we had a preconceived hypothesis on a specific thing, is it okay then to look at those specific analyses within the monolith because that was like predetermined? Yeah. Just don't peek. So I think, um, like, you know, This ends up being like an honesty thing, right? Like, I don't think if, you know, if I like look at the monolith and I take like the top 10, right? And I'm like, okay, let me generate a hypothesis on why the left OFC and the left AAC would be— and then you do— Okay, but so if I had Like originally My hypothesis was a really wide hypothesis, right? It wasn't based on specifics. It was based on there would be a change between The beginning and the end. Not defining what that change would be, right? Is there a way to like having overarching results? From this that isn't individual specific changes but are— is like, okay, is there a statistic difference, statistical difference in coherence here versus here and agnostic of what those specific differences are? Yes, we can do that. Yeah, we can do that. So I think I— so that's still something we can do. Yeah. I'm not a statistician, but I would feel comfortable if you said you have a hypothesis that coherence would change from precon 1 to precon 4 across these frequencies. And then that's the thing, we can just give it a frequency range and not break up every individual frequency down. Um, I'm cool. Like, I think that's originally what I proposed, and I think for my dissertation, I think that's totally more than plenty, right? I think we were going pretty deep, and I think that's still good because then, like, right, whenever, whenever this goes somewhere else, someone can, like, take these other hypotheses and— or take these other things and use them as direction, right? So running— Jesus Christ. it's still running. Am I gonna run out of tokens? Why is this taking so long? Oh, I'm using Claude code. All right, that's why. Nice. I think it's writing a program to edit it for me. So here's a great example, right? So I think this is basically your dissertation right here. So good news, if we run one test, right, and this is just one, right, this changes precon4 to precon1. Or like the change of precon1 to precon4 at theta coherence. In the minus flower pot one, these are all significant. And if that was your hypothesis and these are the results and we don't talk about the rest of the monolith, It is. Okay. And this is just like, okay, these connections got stronger. Coherence in this frequency range became stronger over the course of preconditioning. Yes. That I think is plenty. Though it sucks that it's not On both sides. But I guess like we don't have the live PER, so we can't— that isn't there. And there's no R series. There's not the campus stuff. Yeah, sometimes that happens. I cannot be exactly sure. That's probably about a 5-hour wait. Yeah. I think there are some other ones too that we could look at in terms of like general activity. In a specific frequency range. Oh, and this is just in the switch, by the way. So this is onset, offset, Q1, Q2 was no different. Oh wait, it's not measured. Okay, I guess that's— we'll run that. You can run that, um, pre-Q1, Q2, post-baseline. So yeah, I think— okay, so there's stuff there. Yeah. I'm comfortable with that for sure. Yeah, that is more than plenty than what I need. And so that is not— that's not an ounce of hacking. No. If somehow, if like, you know, if you have a whole theory on why you think, you know, Oh, like— no, I didn't. I put zero specifics. Okay. In, in my initial. Yeah. I want to see what my hypothesis was. I think it is literally too general. It's a hypothesis. We hypothesized that LP coherence between regions will change through the preconditioning phase of activity in early trials being evenly distributed among the cortical regions. But in later trials, we expect certain regions to become more coherent than others, but not defining what those regions are. So there would be a stronger— there'd be development of coherence between regions. So yeah, which that is that, or, uh, That, yeah, right? Which, what is this now on? This is basically, uh, minus vowel plot. Post-baseline, it's like, yeah, and let's say like, you know, Q1, Q2 switch feels the most interesting one to me because it's like the Not to me, but yeah, but like, I get what you're saying. It isn't the like question I asked in my dissertation. I think it is like very interesting, and I think it's very interesting that the like Q1 versus Q2 situation didn't work out. So, um, well, that's— it didn't work out for the monolith. There are significant things in there, so Um, for the monolith. If I have Q1 coherence, Theta. Then you have some things. These are all uncorrected. But if that was your focus of— and you know, I'm from— so this is like the same, the same deal. This is like, right, across preconditioning, looking if there is a difference. Between the difference of Q1 and Q2. Yeah. And there develops one. Yeah. And, you know, like, I can This is like, you know, if I limit the frequency, it's crazy how I chose theta. But yeah, if you just choose theta specifically, that shows up. Delta shows up, theta shows up, gamma shows up, right? But then sort of like if I make it broadband, it doesn't show up. Interesting. Yeah. Which kind of, I guess it makes the connectivity of the PER. What's that? The connectivity of the perirhinal. When you were on broadband, just like general connectivity of it. Low gamma, theta. And then This is crazy, by the way. I just want to— Yeah, yeah, no, it's very So yeah. What does this app say? So, oh, and then I had another question that is gonna suck. Has there been any verification on the side of the lab with any of these analyses, not necessarily pertaining to my own data, right, that is not Driven by Vivecode, meaning like I know a lot of these tools are established tools, and I guess the question is like: Is there a way to verify like if we didn't? Funnel the data into this platform that was vibe-coded and just manually took it into one of these programs, would it output the same result for a specific thing? As a means of being like, okay, there's no hallucination in the code that's manipulating. Yeah, I think I feel very sure that no hallucinations happened. Because this was built on like the iteration that I— you weren't there, but there was like a janky version that was on the back and then All of the steps are like viewable. So the pairings, we can visually confirm that it's the right pairings, the coupling. The coupling is like logic that I made. The circuit tree is sort of like each circuit that gets made. You can like visualize it with matrices here. And the drift is just the final Comparing them, pulling them apart. Cool. And then it's just like you can pull up and then literally like compare 2 circuits with each other. So I can add this to the left, add this to the right. And then I can process this test. Is this field drift? Same macros. The tubes cannot be compared yet. They differ. Yeah. Okay. So that's one of the things that kind of got handled through the vibe coding. As part of the wrapping up of it, it'll definitely be a process of pulling it out of this and then just doing it in raw dog Python or whatever. Yeah, I didn't know if there just had been any development of any of these. Just because again, like, I know a lot, like, A lot of this is pulled from standard, right? Stuff. So I guess the only part that I'd be afraid of is in the data handling itself that pulls out, right? And/or passes it to things. Yeah, we can. I don't think— I don't like think these things hallucinate in this anymore. Yeah, well, they hallucinate in general, but not— I don't think in that specific stuff because this stuff is very black and white. Yeah. And like math like that, it doesn't hallucinate math. I, I, my general experience has been like ever since like Opus, I really rarely had to deal with hallucinations or like, yeah, I'm trying to think like Now everything just It's— there's like miscommunications, but never a hallucination. I've had a couple instances where like I'll ask for like, I don't know if it was ChatGPT or if it was Claude, but I was like, oh, could you write me a little synopsis on this specific topic? And it would pull sources and then I would open the sources and I'd be like, Is that what it said? And it'd be like, oh no, sorry, that's not the, that's not the experiment. Yeah. And I was like, yeah, all right. That's what I thought. No. Yeah. The, the same experience with like, like reading papers. Like when I give it papers I know. It does a great job of like, and then the way I find that it's really good is like with chat, I would have it like include direct. Like, I would give it like citations from the passage and it would just like put in things that are not in the PDF. Yeah. With Claude, that never happens. Yeah. Right. Or like, I imagine like recent version of ChatGPT is also like that. Yeah. But, um, I like would shape it and ground it and be like, all right, write this sentence from the thing in the paper and then maybe elaborate on it. So it has this unfold. Yep. But as sort of a sanity check, like once we're like narrowing down, the final step of it is like pulling it out and just making it a— honestly, I think it would be great if we like put the Put the raw data somewhere, like with an on-request. Access and then have it set up so people can reproduce the results for you. Yeah. Or like pull your data and reproduce the same results. All right. Hello. Be right back. Okay. Don't go anywhere. Oh, I was just gonna leave. Nope, nope, don't go. Oh, that's funny. Shit, I was supposed to do a recording today, but I don't know if that'll happen. Oh, sorry. Yeah, no, it's not your fault. It's all right. What recording? But yeah, so with that, I think if you can, like, one of the easiest ways is like what you said, right? That you just spoke about coherence, right? I don't know if you can make it a specific— Jeremy always says beta this, beta that. Yeah, I think we were going to look in beta and we were going to look in gamma, but not any specific connection. Nor specific frequency. I think we were just going to look to see if there was differences in those ranges and potentially any like theta-gamma coupling that happens. Across it, but again, not specific, I guess. I don't know how to lay out. How to frame this. I guess it's going to be, I think we're going to need Jeremy pretty heavily on this in terms of like, all right, how do we frame these questions that we're not hacking a fucking, we're not e-hacking or whatever. Right. And, you know, like, I don't know if you'll get into the Modelist talk, right? But I'm not planning on it. But like, I think this in itself is like powerful to be like, That like Yeah. I like it. My problem is I like don't even know how to attack. That kind of stuff, like these giant like matrix analyses. Right. Yeah. So I think my humble opinion definitely is. Okay. All right. I do have my— okay. I think I read this last time too. So LFP data will be analyzed for amplitude and frequency oscillations at theta 5 to 12 and gamma 30 to 90 in each region via time-dependent Fourier transform analysis. We will analyze coherence between regions in a matrix for all permutations of cortical regions for every stimulus epoch and behavioral response following the methods of prior work, Dickinson et al. And then this measure will allow us to analyze if each region pair exhibits LFP coherence by phase. Which has been hypothesized to represent functional connectivity of neural circuits. We will analyze any phase lag of frequency and time between each region, allowing us to determine direction of information flow or influence of one brain region on another. We will perform within-structure coherence analysis across bilateral electrodes. Additionally, we will analyze within-channel, examining the amplitude relative to delta, theta, and gamma and cross-frequency coupling. And that is what I wrote, and that's based off of like the grant analysis. So Jeremy should have opinions on how to translate this into that, I would assume. Yeah, so I think, yeah, if you Honestly, I think I have your dissertation here, so I can basically try to pull out only the tests you mentioned. And keeping it in this like, yeah, not hammering each, because like part of this does say in like a matrix, but it doesn't specify that we're looking for like specific changes in general. We're like one step zoomed out from that and saying like, okay, are there changes? You know what I mean? And I could probably report on some of them, but not I don't know. So wait, let me see if I can find your dissertation proposal. Yeah, or proposal. I think Jeremy sent it to me. Is that okay? No, it's not. Dissertation proposal. Yeah, this is the one. Yeah, 12 pages. Yeah. Okay, great. So where was the thing? Copier in, or I was gonna look. So there's like, yeah, and it's just that. It's like where that is from the beginning of that to like the middle, just like that whole. I would just use that. Anything in that paragraph is fair game. Okay that is awesome. And I can basically just run the tests you mentioned. I don't know why we didn't do this in the first place. Why did I go for the song and dance? I don't know. I think Jeremy Got excited and wanted to stick the whole, the whole shebang on it. Which is good and it's great and it's going to be usable, but it's like, yeah, yeah, I think, I think the scope of my dissertation is not the scope that Jeremy's thinking. And I think he's thinking of like scope of like whatever we can find and what publication would be, which I'm gonna be totally real with you, I do not care about right now. No, that's so real. I mean, he like turns undergrad theses into master's theses. Yeah. And then turns like master's into PhDs, and I don't know what he turns PhDs into. Like a fucking postdoc yeah, level, because I honestly think like this is like a whole connectomic analysis is like Above our pay grade, you know what I mean? Not now, not anymore. Not anymore, right? But you know, you've done all this work. Yeah, and low-key, if, if you haven't— you haven't proposed yet, right? I would propose like the development of this system, and you can use this data that I've generated any way you want to be able to verify or do anything with it, but like the process of developing this is at least a full aim, right? You know what I mean? And that's— and that's like— but that's— I— no, no, you— I propose with everything but 2 experiments done. Okay. Or 1 experiment done, right? So, well, you can— it's frowned upon, but you can. Oh, this is what I'm talking about. Yeah, but I, I think that would be totally reasonable. And then like you could literally— your aims could be connected to that because then you're using it to analyze like specific things. And obviously I don't have any say, but I would probably push to that because you put so much effort into this, you know what I mean? Yeah. And then since Jeremy and Travis are merging their grants and that we're going to run pre-sensory conditioning on the KCNT1 mice. Oh, I didn't know that. I didn't know you're going to do it on KCNT1. Well, they're talking about it. I don't know. Interesting. Yeah. Wait, so Travis is a little afraid because now nobody's going to pick up. Hey, I should— let's do it. But yeah, so we, I can just literally run through this and Do these tests? Yeah, I think, I mean, like, they're so, that's so open-ended that I think there's some interpretability, right, in like what those tests are like, because I think, I don't think I think some of those statements don't constitute like A connection to a hypothesis. Well, I mean, and so I think, uh, that gets into like, I think Jeremy's territory of like, what is data, uh, I guess, yeah, more coherence between 2 regions. You see 2 regions and then, you know, for example, once I run this and, you know, get this set in stone and you see, um, this for example, right? And you're like, okay, we saw a strong connection in the right ACC and the right perirhinal. Then in the discussions you're like, why, right? And I think that's— that'll be part of the writing and like getting to know these regions better, right? No rats had this region usable on both days. Really? Yeah, good. Let's see the damage report. It was the left. Yeah, right, it's so hard to hit. Damn, I hit the right side consistently. Brigance is normal. There's a muffin if you want it. They brought that over for— they like brought snacks out from some talk and I brought it in here and I don't want it. How's this going? We're narrowing it down. Yeah, to, uh, to some people, to Joe and breakfast. Okay, so— oh, I see there's new little things here. Because as it stands, it seems like— I'm not a good stats person, but it seems like I can't use any of the specific things that have been dug out by the monolith. Because it would be hacking. Oh, I, I— did I ruin everything by mentioning— no, no, but which I am totally okay with because my question here is not that specific, and so I don't think that that matters to me right now currently. So Did this come up because I brought up p-hacking earlier? It's not because you brought it up. It's been one of my concerns since day one. Which I think is totally valid and I agree with. I'm confused. I don't— I will— Well, so you see things, but you don't know If you can trust it because it's— this is a great example Joe and I arrived at. All right, let's say you want to say this coin is rigged. It's rigged so that when you flip it, 90% of the times it ends up on heads, right? And then I run the test. And it's evenly 50/50, right? I'm like, that's not enough tests. I run a million tests. I flip the coin 100 times a million times, right? Of those million times, there's going to be instances. Where the coin bot has— so you're talking about the— this comes into the There's so many presentations of the stimuli. And so many tests we ran at so many different frequencies. And then there's the— that you're going, you will statistically, you will find something, and then that's not necessarily significant. That could just be a facet of this dataset, right? But that's why you have the The control, which is like, uh, well, the bootstrapping of the recording sessions, which is like you're playing with it, right? What does bootstrap mean? Well, so like you not bootstrapping, shuffled. So yes, that is valid for the entire monolith. Right. Um, And that is saying of all the tests we ran, the flower pot ends up being significant. So this is, we ran all these tests. Yeah. So I mean, there's the, there's— but if you correct for the number of tests, well, that's not significant. That's it. That's something, I don't know. So that's the thing. It's like, then our design is fucked because we're killing ourselves because we'll never find any signal because we present the stimuli so many times. I don't— is it the stimuli? It's the number of statistical tests. Yeah. Well, they're— so that's— so are you doing statistical tests for every presentation or every— I'm doing several tests for every statistical presentation for every brain region. Every permutation of a brain region. I, I don't know if that's the same thing. So like, but you know, I have an opinion, but like, let's just— we usually go to higher power stats people. Like, there are stats People specifically for this question. That's why you go to a higher power. But I mean, the design is sound, right? Right. Like if you're— you flip the coin a lot in one circumstance where you're presenting cues and all that, but if you go to the flower pot and take equal times and you're You're— it could be any time, right? Right. You shuffle it and look for things within that. If you still find meaningful— and there could be some things that are meaningful in there, but if you're You know, find equal chunks of time as to when the cues are presented in the flower pot, you shouldn't see— Yeah, I guess that's the same thing. That's a question like if you just analyze flower pot in periods of time that are equal yes. Proves that you're correct. I mean, there's still, there's still the, uh, they're still gonna learn shit over that period of time though. There's still gonna be oscillations and things, but there aren't like regularly presented stimuli because that's the question is, are we seeing things related to the presentation of stimuli? So this is what Joe and I also came apart. I don't think we're using flower pot how you think we're using it. Yeah, we need to use it the way I'm saying. Okay, so let's, let's— so I mean, this is one approach to subtract from there, but I think they need to be independent, like you're using it as a— it's like another group, right? So, uh, or actually it's actually a condition. So in, in light of like— I'll stop because you're gonna say something, right? So this is— I don't understand how flower pots are supposed to be used. I'm starting to see that there's a look that Sherry gives me, which is, I wish you would just stop talking. I'm sorry. No, it's good. That's good. That's good. What's the look? Oh, it's not a murmur, but it's like, okay, okay, I would like to speak now. Um, so, okay. We have, for example, over here we have precon1. And precon2. At precon4, right? And we run some analysis on this. Let's say we get a coherence of like 0.3, and then on precon4, that coherence goes to 0.9. That's 9. What's that? It's 9. I think you said 0.5. Oh, 0.9. Yeah. And then this ends up being a delta increase of 0.6, right? Explain how Flowerpot would come into this. So this is raw. How would Flowerpot come into this? Are you just running that same analysis on Flowerpot? Yeah, it's like you have— and then you're comparing Flowerpot, those results from the preconditioning analysis to the Flowerpot analysis? Yeah, I don't know. Well, there's a couple of ways you could cut it and you would get like coherence for like, and this is from lots of periods of time, you would basically take, you know, the same periods of time randomly, right, right. Throughout that session. And you would get coherence, right? And then you would do the same thing in here and you would get a coherence. And I don't know, you could get a delta here. Right, and then you would compare. And then you compare this delta with this delta. Yes. So that's not what happened. That's not what happened, but I'm saying is if this— the way you did it is a way to do it. You keep with the formula, but like, this is— this would be cleaner. Okay. Right. And then, but you know, this is leaning into the— would not baseline within session of precon be cleaner for that than flowerpot? Because they have equivalent experience across the whole thing, except, you know, that's a period of time they're not receiving any information from cue. As opposed to doing a baseline subtraction. So they're, they're, yeah, they're, they're both, uh, so we could do base And I mean, you could pick another random time in there and call it like— could you— you could sample all the baseline periods throughout the session and make equivalent data points of randomly sampled baseline. Yeah, I mean, it's a philosophical point what's cleaner because there you're in the context and you might be thinking about the cues, but it's not the cue. And it's not the cue, but then every other aspect of your experience is the same. And so like if you have a delta change of learning about the context from a session perspective, if you're making that comparison to specifically the cue presentation, then you're getting a cleaner comparison of cue versus not cue because all other aspects of activity should be consistent. Yeah, it's probably— yeah, you're right, it's probably cleaner, but I still think we should do that too. There's a way to nest this in it. Regardless of that, I think we also decided on a different set of analyses as well, at least Just for my dissertation, and that is to be consistent with what's in my proposal, which is not as granular as the monolith, and I think allows us to get around this idea of running a bajillion tests and having to correct for that and then having nothing that significant. And that's okay. And that's a question for another day of like if that's valid or not. But I think specifically I would be more content if we could just do this and then that is to and we can trust those stats instead of having to go through a bunch of hoops just because I'm so fucked on time right now trying to finish this PhD, if that's okay. Oh no, no, no, no, absolutely. Yeah, we're on the same page. There's like, there's the, but I still want to, I, well, I think all the other stuff should be an aim of his dissertation. Yeah, but you're using this data and, and, uh, and there'll be more data too. And Travis and I talked about that yesterday too, and we were thinking about like making some things into his qual that are like how to square the circle of all the You know, the models like HCT1 and sensory preconditioning. Travis is also like very specifically likes to have everything a same story and doesn't think a dissertation can be multiple things that are separate. But I think that is a totally valid approach. Um, so even if you don't have to relate KCNT to sensory preconditioning, I feel like you can still just have like an aim or an arm that is like building all of this analysis. No, it's, it's all good. It's all good. Well, we started on that line too about how like developing a methodology is not It doesn't happen much in the NGP, but it absolutely should be. Like, we should be able to do like engineering type of things here. Yeah, a billion percent. I— this is like Totally valid as like a full aim of just creating this and validating it. Yeah, anyway, but, but, uh, absolutely on board with like finding— yeah, I, I don't know, I think— but You should make it as close as possible if you know what you're gonna do. Yeah, yeah, and I told him that too. Is that shit fucked up? Your ideas? Yeah, but, uh, um, it's not— it's not— I fucked you. You're not fucked. They were, they were completely different. And so when I wrote my proposal, it was like writing the whole thing over again where the whole idea is that because they're based off of the same thing, you can transplant a lot of it. And I just couldn't, which fucked me. I think there was a point where they used to say you your call can't be on whatever you're going to do, but that's ridiculous. You do want to get something out of it. Yeah, even a different thing. Uh, anyways, but I'm absolutely on board with like figuring out what is the one thing for you to focus on, but Yeah, when it comes to like running, you know, getting the AI to run through a lot of different things to see what comes to the top, it doesn't mean what comes to the top is negated. That's ridiculous. I mean, I understand the argument of p-hacking and all that, but that's different. It means you're explicitly going after something. You know, you're picking the one thing that you want to make significant, but we're coming at this blind, right? Like, we can see what comes to the top and then analyze it from specific angles, you know? I don't know enough about statistics to say it. Yeah, there's, uh, we need to get one of those weird statistics people in on this. Exactly. So I was making this argument, like, especially since the computing power is so much it's so much more powerful than it used to be, right? There is a doubt. Like, this is what you guys read, like, that there is a fear. I don't want to be afraid. I want to find what's true, right? And, and, uh, if it takes a statistician to like, you know, Make that suspicion go away. That's great. So here's maybe a side question. Because there are so many cue presentations, not so many, but there's enough, could you create a dataset that is off of a random sample of cue presentations randomized across rats for a specific day of the phase. And use that as a means of running the monolith. And then if you find something, could you run that specific analysis on the rest of the data? Yeah. And see if that counts as a different kind of shuffle. Yes. Yeah, I mean, that would kind of maybe get around that. Yeah, I think 100%. So yeah, so I mean, there's no getting around all the variables and the fishing for like what is going to come to the surface, right? And the number of presentations. But the only way around that is to shuffle different ways within these different phases. I like the shuffle idea. And within the flower pot, like, yeah, and it— I don't know which is cleaner, but like they're both saying something. Uh, and the way— yeah, because then you could also use— you could do that like a similar like random sample time through the flower pot, and then like in that initial like I think randomized trial, you could see if like those mixed together is not significant on a thing and then those separate is. You know what I mean? I will say, I think Jangwon might be really good for this because he's done a lot of connectomic stuff. And I remember he has this like leave one out model that basically what you talk about, what you would do, 7 rats. Do that, run on the 7 rats, and then that will give you— yeah, I think you could pull, but I think you could pull across rats and in session but pull random pieces of the whole thing out, and I think that would qualify, right? Um, That's great. But there is definitely also like, uh, you can— there are people who are hired by the university to be Uh, biostatisticians that you can literally ask these questions to. I've had one that's helped me out tremendously, and I met a new one the other day that actually is interested in computer modeling of like upfield networks for associative learning. So he seems like a good guy to have. Danny DeVine? Derek Devine. Derek Devine. How can we get him in this room? Email him. You just email him. Is he like a biostatistician for the university? Yeah, you'd just be like, hey, I want to have a consultation. Well, and, and, and I talked to him. How do you spell his name? Devine. Derek Devine. Cool name. How do you spell Derek? D-E-R-E-K, Devine. Oh, there we go. Yeah, Devine. Okay, and, uh, there's another guy's name I'm liking up, but also, you know, uh, Travis is recommending Neil. Neil right now, probably a bit underutilized. Um, it's going to be more underutilized now well, no, I, I think that that's where we, we, uh, uh, hedge our, uh, We'd be thorough, like whatever the, the bot does, we get it to spit that out and see if he can reconfigure it. That's what we're going to do. And, and to get— and maybe I don't know, I, I would like a pure biostatistician or statistician in the mix too, like, um, Yeah, you know. I think that's great. And for the time being, how about step 1? I run what's on Joe's proposal. Joe gets a nice dataset bundled in spreadsheets, Python code that can remake it. And you're clear what's like— well, there's a lot on the proposal, but, but you know explicitly a lot. Yeah, let's go through it right now. Um, Coherence, theta gamma. Right. Yeah, um, what windows? For theta and gamma? Yeah, there it says 5 to 12 and 30. What window? Like what? Like, uh, A, B, B, C? What? What? So this is the thing that I was trying— my question has a 2-word answer. Sorry, but like over here for the window, right, which, which window Of the experiment. I see. Do you want to do that? So that's the thing though, that's the question. We don't know when there's going to be more. I mean, it shouldn't be, uh, what is pre-baseline? It's the 10 seconds before the first cue. That's baseline. Yeah, so we should call that baseline. It's baseline pre. Why isn't it baseline? It doesn't matter. There's a baseline after and a baseline before the window. Does that question mark tell you exactly what it is when you click on it? So, so the, uh, what— this is what I was on about. This was really funny. Okay, so, uh, this is what I was on about the other day with all this, right? Like, these are the questions that you could set that up in like a general linear model. And I mean, this is another side too, that you could pick the comparator, right, right, that would help get around the necessity of a correction factor. Now There isn't a demand for correction factors in the general linear model. And I don't know why that is other than it's somewhat baked into the cake, but you could set it up where prebase is the comparator, like for whatever thing you want, like phase amplitude coupling, right where there's a series of interactions, day 1 to 4, so you got an effective day. Right. And then you got effective phase, which is prebase as the comparator against Q1. Wait, so for the days, what is the comparator? Probably be, well, day 1. Probably be day 1 prebase. Day 1 prebase. So it'll be day, phase, uh, and pair A, B, C, D. Now that part we kind of bundled together. So 2-day, so 2 by 2-day by 2-phase by— 2-phase, I think that was one. Well, we're comparing baseline versus Q. Like the whole Q, like A and B? Yeah, that's okay. This is the question is if do we want to Treat activity across the— do we want to look at activity across the whole pair or just key presentation, just the first cue or just the second cue in this specific case? Yeah, I think— I mean, well, I think that day 1 to 4 by phase. Is, well, for everything, right? That means that something beeps or boops, is there a response? Right. And then we can refine that by— so, and then where does brain region come in? Because there's like a lot of those. Flowerpot. Hold on a second. I've done this. That's the Dixon paper. Decided or not. I mean, it's like you wouldn't even want to see the CSS spreadsheet for this because it would be— I'm going to have to run it though. Well, so wait. Oh, wait, wait, wait. Whoa, yeah, oh yeah. Or am I making it— I don't know. I mean, I think, I think we need to distill down to the simplest question we can. I mean, the simplest thing is here. It's like 1, 4. I think that's what that— I think that's it. I think, I think compare a comparison between day 1 and day 4, I guess the rest is the question. It's like, how do we integrate all of the brain regions? Do we treat all of the brain regions as a singular unit for this analysis, or do we have it already separate? Is it like a 2 by 2 by 8 or a 2 by 2 by 6? Why 6? What? Why 6? 6 regions, I guess. 5, because— nope, POR. All right, well, it'd be all the permutations and combinations of this. That would be enormous, right? That's why we need to model this. You can pick a brain region. I guess the question is, how do we collapse the matrix into Look up value. To like a singular value. For— well, it would be so, you know, So that's the thing. If you're just looking at the difference of 1 and 4, it's magnitude. It's the magnitude of the difference, right? But in the other more complicated thing, it's actually the here, like what is the value of the thing? Or that it would be coherence. Or all the permutations and combinations of things in the set. So this is coherence. So Yes. Here's, um, here's, here's how I'm thinking about it, right? Um I can try to run an interaction. By day. So it'll be— oh, hello. Wait, I missed it. Day, you have 2 options. By window. Which you have 2 options. What's window? Window is like the window of Q1, Q2, pre-baseline, post-baseline. Right, if you have a better name for that, call that phase. Phase, okay. Days. So 2 phases. Bye. Um, and then, you know, I'm counting 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 12 brain regions. We could, but there's no post-baseline. And some of the, yeah, some mice have those regions, some don't. Yeah, right. Yeah, so by 10 regions. That, you know, you will like account for missing it or stuff like that. So, and that's it, right? Is there anything else? No, I think that works. And so what I think is, okay, you'd run this, and, but I think you would run this for several different things. So most, the most important ones I think would be altering what phase is, what those 2 things in phase are. So I think a good one would be like, For one of them, phase would be baseline comparing Activity during the whole 20 seconds of the pair presentation, agnostic of what pair. And then Q1. Q1 plus Q2. So you've got day and phase. What else do you have? And then you would run another one that is baseline versus an individual cue, and then another analysis would be baseline versus the other cue. So like just cue baseline. And then, yeah, exactly. And then one for just Q2. And then I think again we could look at switch here too. Okay. Um, and so that would be Baseline versus switch. I don't know how that would work because switch is like Like, how would you do baseline? For switch. Would you look at whatever that time segment is with the cue? Milliseconds of some sort, or 1 second? I don't even know. That's like 2, 3 seconds? 2 seconds? Yeah, about 3 seconds. Okay, so you just do 3 seconds of baseline versus that. Okay, um, I like that. Well, you know, um, I think if what we're trying to really get at here, like, I would do like, uh, really I would do like minus Like, you know, if the entire region is 10 seconds, like each stimuli is 10 seconds, I would do phase Um, 8 to 10 seconds. Okay. Uh, phase. 10 to 12 seconds. Because you're comparing the offset of one cue to the onset, right? Yeah, I guess that makes sense because like what information is in the switch would get compressed into a single thing, right? Like, do we expect— but I'm happy to do what you said. Yeah, does this make sense? Yeah, that makes sense to me. I mean, we can run all of these things, right? Um, and then pick the best one. I would record all of them. What's that? I would record all of them. Um, because these would just be different ways of looking at the same thing. Um, and then we— I would probably want Q1 versus Q2 for the phase. So And then I think the sanity check one would be the, the one pair versus another pair. Yep, and that would be like a— okay, like a control would be like, okay, this isn't significant, there is no effect of which pair it is, which would make sense because they're not equal. They're not— they're counterbalanced and they're not, um, which we call it, um, whatever. Do we expect that we're gonna see differential responses for A, B, C, and D? No. So, uh, and there shouldn't be. I think there might actually be because I think we're seeing some amount of generalization in other aspects of sensory preconditioning right now based on cue identity, but we can cross that bridge when we get there. Okay. But there shouldn't be based on counterbalancing. So really it's kind of like when anything is presented, do we see a brain response? Yep. It'd be like, okay, do we see a response and is that response different on day 1 versus day 2 right. Yeah. And then you're going to do this one time for beta. And then one time for gamma. And then, and then the question goes, okay, then do we look at like theta-gamma coupling? And then like, how do we Again, collapse out across regions and/or is— do we have to do another one of these for each region? Well, there, there is— I didn't know about this until Chariot introduced it. There's This stuff here, which is the phase of one region and the amplitude of another, that's still like, I thought phase amplitude coupling was kind of a within-region thing. I like that though, because it's like coordination across regions. Yeah. Functional connectivity. I don't know if like, I think it would be enough if you just did between. And well, I know within is probably in your proposal. But so, and one thing we talked about was like, start like with between, and if something comes to the surface, you could then dive in there and say, okay, well, if you're getting really big increases between the right OFC and the right RSC, for example. Uh, go into those regions and like, okay, what's that? What's the phase amplitude coupling like? Yeah, break it, break it down. Like, what is— so we would run these analyses, right? And then we'd be like, okay, these are significant. And then we'd have to break down like what is causing that to be significant? Yeah, so you'd be like, okay, like, uh, the 2-day by 2-phase where we're looking at baseline versus Q1 by 10 regions is significant and it's— and the interaction is there such that brain region is significant. So then you'd have to go from there and break that down and be like, okay, which regions are making this significant? Okay, well, uh, no, will you You've already pinned down the regions. Like, if the covariance is like big between— well, this is agnostic to the individual regions, right? At least how we've— no, well, oh no, it's not. No, here's, here's what you do. So it's like, okay, well, what's driving that big connection theta coherence between right OFC and right RSC, go in there like, okay, this is what the phase amplitude coupling was like in each region, you can then compare that to like all the other regions that didn't line up. Light up, right? So, you know, the, uh, uh, left— I don't know, the canvas. Like, was that— did that have a Big face. Did it have a big phase amplitude coupling? I will say that is the big phase amplitude coupling is this entire grid. So you would— it's good to narrow it down for the base region before you look at the grid. Yeah. And then you will look at the grid and be like, at this there was hype. I see. Okay, I like that a lot. I think that's way cleaner. I think this is way more concise. Yeah, and this feels less hacky. It's like pointing to things to look at. Yeah. It's still hacky, but it kind of has to be. Yeah. But I think this is like, this is our original hypothesis. So it's not hacky. It's not a hack like breaking it down into a degree of granularity that isn't in the hypothesis feels hacky. I will say there's like a reasonable funnel approach here instead of like get everything. Yeah. They're like, you're like basically sniping. You're like, but I want everything. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. It's like, it's like that, that's why we proposed it. Yeah. You know, but, but, uh, um, That doesn't mean we still, right? I mean, you could call it hacky, but you could also call it due diligence. Like, what, what did we not think of? Yeah, right. I will, I will say, like, I think, uh, what would be hacky This action will be hacky. Right. Open this up, look at what's number 1, report just this and be like, all right, done. This connection is proven. I think that's hacky. Like write a whole paper on like this specific connection. Right well, that's— so this, yeah, this is for us to think about, not for your— exactly. But it's like, for us to think about, well, why did that come to the top, right? Unless you did like a, like, random separation, right? Like, that's where you could tease that out, where you could take like random samples throughout the whole thing. And then so, uh, so I think it's good for exploratory, but then this funnel approach that we're doing with the sniper approach is what will get Joe out. Yeah. Okay. That's all I want right now. Perfectly fine with that. Uh, now I have, I have, so reducing everything to like a GLM, right? I do a NOVA, baby, which is— okay, yeah, fine, but this is, this is for us, for— it's a general linear model, right? Huh? No, they're different. That's analysis of variance. Uh. Fundamentally different. Uh. There's special cases out there. So, okay, so we're settled. And I think anything I say after this point will be separate, the way I'm thinking about it for my sanity. Okay, so this is post-Joe. PJ. PJ. Yeah, PJ. So the organization would be like, there'd be, uh, 3 conditions. Right, there's the condition, so you're in the conditioning box or the flower pot, day 1 to 4, and then phase. There'd be base, and it could be pre- and post-base. I think pre-base Whatever, base is base. Uh, Q1, Q2, onset switch, and offset. And in pot, it's, you know, you'll— these will be populated too by random You know. Uh, Select it, right? And another is a GL. That's fun. All right, um, I like that. So wait, I'm gonna, I'm gonna break that down slow. So there's 2 conditions. Box and pot. Hotspot and oh, it's a case. Okay, so okay, this is the it's a case. Okay, there's 2 cases, a box case and a pot case. And then— no, no, no, I'm sorry. It was like it's a condition. Okay, well, I was wrong. Okay, I'll just— condition. It's a box condition. Oh wait, condition. And then I'll take the pre-rhino and bend it and then add the Innova Twist on top. Uh, checking it. It's a good sanity check. So then I take the baseline Q and subtract it by the region amplitude coupling. So the generalized linear model and general linear model, they're very different things. That adds it. It's a common distinction, a common confusion, and we just confuse it. So yeah, and generalized, generalized is what you're talking about. Yes. That's very important. Generalized linear models extend GLMs to non-normal response distribution like binomial or Poisson using link functions. I integrate the region coupling of the amplitude. And sorry, accounting for the per-rhino rat, I'm ready to go back. Okay, good. All right, okay, great. Are you talking about what you're doing for Joe or this other— No, no, this is— I'm going to talk about this. So you have the condition box and pot. Yeah. What happens after that? Yeah, that's here. Which is box and plot. There's day, right? So we're not, we're not throwing out 2 and 3. Oh, you're including everything? Yes, day 1, 2, 4. I did it in MATLAB terms, where it's 1, 4, uh, and then phase, which is, uh, base, Q1, Q2, onset, switch, offset. Where these are populated by random, because you don't have these for the pots. You just got to pick things that you're going to call fake, fake, fake, you know, equal, but they're equal amounts of time. And, you know, it should look like both are like that, or both are like that. Or is it like that? Okay, you know, that's, that's the linear model should tell you. Uh, and then, and then you can run through it for coherence and, and the phase. Amplitude coupling. Right. That data is all— well, I don't know, the stuff now is— well, I'm still thinking about a couple of iterations ago because I can't keep up with all this shit because it's not just magnitude anymore yet. And, and you could add a 4th condition here, which could be AB, which pairs is AB or CD. But then it's— then, but then you can't use pot because there's no ABCD. Hey, so forget about ABCD. It's— I want to, since we're narrowing down on the sanity check, I want to, I want to get the interaction to the sanity check down. How would we do that? What's the— what's the— for the ABCD, making sure the click noise is not— um, yeah, I have like some Shahriar nomenclature here, but I don't appreciate it. For which aspect? So, um, hopefully I want to do an interaction that shows that there's no difference. Yeah, you could replace phase with Q. Right, and then you would Yeah, you could just do— it'd be like 2 by 4. By whatever, by 10. So you could have like, right, so A and B. Or C and D. Yep, 2 by 4. Okay, 2 by 4 by 10. Yeah, and so then you're looking to see if like there is a difference across— you'd want like, oh, regardless. And so this kind of analysis up here too, anything that's in here that we didn't touch on, I think that's how we can approach it. A bunch of extra work if possible to output this into a way that I can bring this into SPSS. Oh yeah, yeah. Um, I don't know if it should be for each rat or for each— I don't know how to make— we'll make Neil help with that. Yeah, make him. The last thing, uh, I just had the idea here too. So the condition could be box, which is all this, and pot, which is like, uh, randomly selected stuff that's equal to this. Or the third condition Could be shuffled box. What is shuffled box? Like just randomly shuffled time points in, in the, in the box dataset. Like. Like, that'll be— I mean, stuff might come up in there. Okay. I actually think that last one we talked about too is really important. Which one? The A versus B versus C versus D. I think you can also do that with the physical queue identity. Just to make sure there isn't a mouse waiting downstairs to be Recorded, right? Oh, he's on the wheel right now. I'm joking. Yeah, I think it's probably best to probably postpone that till Monday. Sorry. It's all good. No, no, no, no, this is— it's all important because then this would tell us, and this is important and I'm not expecting there to be it one way or the other, but I think it would be interesting if we saw something like decrease, if we saw activity decrease from day 1 to day 2 with respect to that, because theoretically they would be paying attention to the queue's physical identity in the beginning more than they would any relationship between teams. I'm still thinking of results next week. Maybe I'm going to become the, uh, I'm going to become— we're getting there. Okay, this is a lot. This is the middle path. Sorry. No, this is good. So, but so this is a new path. I don't know. I think I kind of got possessed. Possessed. That should do it. I like, I don't even know how to look at that. I can report. I can report that. Yeah. No, no, no. I don't report. Yeah. No, it's there. I think what happened is I was like given a lack of instruction. I'm like, fuck it all. Everything. Fuck it, we ball. Yep. And, and I guess, uh, yeah, I was really not expecting this to be reported in any way. It's more like, I think if this is in front of us, we can get what we want. Oh yeah. And like I said, like, I think you can Use that, and if you can figure out ways to like narrow down, narrow down, or like Verify that those things are like statistically relevant or significant, that shit you can report on too. And like, if you have it as part of your presentation, right? And/or the publication down the road. Okay, um, but yeah, so anything else? So that should be done for coherence. Okay, um, I don't know how you would apply it to only the ones that have been looked at so far. Coupling, which first coupling, yeah, like theta coupling. Yeah, uh, that would be after we narrow it down. Okay. And then to a brain region and then That would be its own. I see. Okay, and that's where you get the graphs. Yep. Okay. Yeah, yeah, cool. Yeah, like, you know, for example You know, let's say we do this analysis and then we say, oh, left OFC and right ACC was valid. Yeah, and then we can go for like, let's say for onset, it was valid. And then I guess it looks good to me from an initial glance. Within region, where's the cross-region? I can't choose across. There we go. So I guess, yeah, this is not anything, but yeah, you would like Yeah, I like, I like this idea of, of following the analysis sequentially as opposed to this, like, just reporting, like, those individual things. Yeah, I think that makes a lot more sense. That is awesome. Great. Anything else? Because then we could be like, okay, like there is a difference. Okay, it looks like it's in this region, or like These regions and it's like, okay, yeah, there is a decrease in coupling between these 2 regions across those. Yeah, yeah, sick. And then I love that. This is— yeah, that'd be amazing. And because, um, This is already your delta, so this is like the delta shift of coupling. It's not the raw coupling, it's the shift from precon 1 to precon 2. Yeah, yeah, yeah, I think it'd be nice if you— I think that's, I think that's perfect. I think that's exactly what Should be removed. Oh yeah, and we can make— this is like dividing into blocks, but it'll be like the granular raster sort of situation. That could be sick. Yeah. Cool, cool. And you have coherence. Do you have anything else in this thesis that's like— do you have like, um, Yeah, will be analyzed for amplitude and frequency of oscillations at theta and gamma. So that's like the start, right? In each region by time-dependent Fourier transform, we will analyze coherence between regions in a matrix for communication, which is that. This will allow us to analyze if each region pair exhibits LFP coherence. That's that. We will analyze potential phase lag of frequency for directionality. So that would be PLI. So we would have to throw in PLI as well. Okay, so, but would that be one step down? That would be a parallel step, like everything we did with coherence we do with PLI. Yeah, or, or, well, uh, Or you do coherence first, and for the ones that are significant, it's phase lag index is a test, right? So it would be a follow-on thing as well as like within region, for example. And it allows us to follow for volume conductance as well, which I report as something that we do. And there's also imaginary clearance. That is already coupled. You would do that, you could do that in tandem with coherence. That's in your set already. Oh, I— it says within structure coherence across bilateral electrodes. Say that again. Within structure. Yeah, yeah, yeah. So that's, that's, uh, that'll be covered in the time being. It will be the left and the right. Uh, yes, one of the two. No, I guess for pre-rhino we wouldn't get it. Oh, and rats that have, that have the bilateral, which— and we can touch upon that too. Is there a way to like make it be like, okay, we can't report this data for these regions. Um, yeah, how do you handle general— generalized linear models when, like, for example, one of your rows is missing? One of the items, that's 999, then you just throw everything out. Uh, it's— there is a way to do it. Yeah, but it's not as simple as just deleting that data point. It's a missing value. You assign it as a missing value and leave it out. It knows what to do. Okay. Uh, But yeah, if you're like running something in SPSS, you can't just delete those data points. It will fuck up. Yeah, you assign it a missing value. Oh God, did that just happen? Uh, get it to populate as a 999. So I can delete this column, but for these ones I would do a missing value. Yeah, so, so it'll calculate it for what it has and the, the end will be different, right? Okay. Uh, that's where the p-value stuff gets complicated in my mind, but, uh, But it's kosher. For title. And then, um, Description. Is there like information in the syllabus on what that should look like? Uh, so for, for follow-on analyses, phase amplitude coupling, um, I What else? What else did I say was the— for the directionality, there is a PLI after you narrow it down. Granger is what I mean. Granger is kind of baked into the cake, is it not? That would be the deliberate analysis. Yeah, so that would be the Granger's. Like, if something has come here either way, uh, is it— is it, uh, which, which way is it going? Granger would be a follow-up to coherence. So coherence is the first step. Yeah, and then you will have PLI and Granger follow it up if it's significant. Okay, um, awesome. Anything else? Anything else? You got the PLI? I can think of, uh, I'm like, once I have all this, or we have all this, we can talk to Travis again and be like, okay, you're forgetting something. But it'll be along the same lines as that. Okay, we're— so Travis is very efficient. We're going to talk about Everything for hours next week. Me and Travis. Oh, okay. Yeah, I didn't know if there was a meeting. Me and Travis and Neil, uh, okay, so we're gonna get in with all of this. Yeah, so, so I have a week to get all this to you. Or does that meeting dictate what this is? Okay, uh, well, let's just find this out. Go ahead and do everything, right, that we talked about. Be there. In this meeting. Can we be passive observers? Especially if he's going to be doing all these analysis that you guys are going to decide on, you could ask questions there and then to Travis and Neil. So the thing, like, Travis hasn't seen anything yet, so I wanted, like, well, We'll have this week to get it like where we want it. I see. And, uh, then he could say yay or nay, or, you know, I don't think we'll backtrack and But, but, uh, Yeah, he could basically see if he has any— anything else to say, but I think the first order is to get where we like it, and then he and Neil can How is it going to be? Is Neil going to do all the analysis from here on out? No, well, go ahead. How is it? How are these results going to be communicated to Oh no, so it's basically just the design, not, not about results, just about the design of the— yeah, how will I get that information to do it? How will I get that information to do it? You're just going to show him and he's going to say, because we'll have, we're going to talk about future grants and everything. So I'll be in the meeting. Yeah. So, okay. So that's why I think I told you, I think yesterday. So we're going to be over there and we're going to come over here, you know, there's song and dance, gooey give us your 2 cents. Right. And that's the meeting with Travis and Neil, which I will be a part of. Yes. Is Joe going to be a part of it? No. Okay. No. So, well, that wasn't in the plan, but I love, I love being included. Well, No, I don't care. No, it's a little more about like, I appreciate your project. It's a little more about the non-thesis stuff, like where we're going to go with like the future grants and all that stuff. Uh, but if he has any major problems with what we're— I guess, when was the winner? Are you guys still talking about your thesis? Like, fuck if I know. Uh, he's impossible to talk to oh, good. Good. Uh, I've had zero feedback on writing, which is partially my fault. And then leave it at that. And people don't have to— I could just write it, be like, okay, we had a hard time hitting this region, blah, blah, blah. That makes sense. This Dixon guy, what does he know? Connor. Where is he these days? Yeah, where's Dixon at? He's in a PhD program at UPenn. Nice. Oh, is he? Wait. He's a PhD student? When did he publish this paper? As an undergrad? He went right out of undergrad into a tech job with me. Oh, it was 2023. Ooh, messages. And then he teched for a while down at that shop and then rolled into a PhD program. Nice. That's the way to do it. Not sponsored. Oh wait, I can't even reply back. I haven't logged on to LinkedIn. I only have these 5 years. I made one in college and didn't— I haven't— I never developed it. I don't even know what's on there. Charles Joseph. What? No, fuck. You crocheted, right? You crocheted? Remember during the pizza interview time I asked for your hat? I was like admiring it. Yeah, yeah, I crocheted those. So this is where I just thought of, you know, in my Generalized linear model. Yes. I guess brain region is a variable. Oh, fuck. Right? Yeah. Uh, that, that's where the matrix gets, uh, right, it's a matrix brain level permutations and combinations. When I had, uh, 3 brain regions bilaterally, that was manageable. It was Connor, and Connor did all that, like, you know. Populated those by himself, which was insane. The analyses took a couple of days to run. So crazy. The same thing with prefrontal cortex at one hemisphere prefrontal cortex and hippocampus for all of Reese's stuff. Okay, I'm getting distracted. Sorry. But it would be the dynamic matrix of all the permutations and combinations of all brain regions. That's true. Why don't you just get the computer to generate that? That's, uh, that's great. Okay, I have a secret. It's all done. Check this out. Yeah, yeah, you've got all that data. No, no, no. What we talked about in this meeting check this out. If I refresh here, I'm kidding. You're locked in. No. That would be crazy. Kabuto has been listening. I've been bracing myself. It's like I— every time you come in here, you're a little bit more nervous. I've been getting— it's like my brain is getting blown. Smooth off. I need to. Yeah, but cool. I think we're in a good place. I like it. We narrowed it down. We narrowed the scope, and that's wonderful and amazing. Yeah. And I'm so happy. I got a little nervous to be on this meeting for sure. I was like, we have nothing. No, no, I'm— yeah, this correction stuff was, uh, Yeah. No, I'm glad. I'm glad. Okay. Yeah, I'll work on that for the rest of the day. How about that? Yeah, all right. 